Add a documentation article for `@_spi` and when to use existentials (#1696)
apple/swift-syntax: Sources/SwiftSyntax/Documentation.docc/SPI.md

# `@_spi` attribute

Learn when SwiftSyntax exposes declaration annotated as `@_spi`.

Functions marked as `@_spi(RawSyntax)` (where ``RawSyntax`` can be any name) are considered *SPI* (System Programming Interface) and are only accessible if the module that declares them is imported as `@_spi(RawSyntax)`.

Since functions marked as SPI are not part of the public API, swift-syntax makes no guarantee to their source stability. swift-syntax makes no effort to keep its SPI stable.

> Declarations are typically marked as SPI because they have some kind of caveat that makes them unsafe to use in general. For example, when accessing ``RawSyntax`` nodes, you need to manually guarantee that the ``SyntaxArena`` they live in doesn’t get de-allocated. Other declarations have an `@_spi` to share them between different modudules within the swift-syntax package but those APIs shouldn’t be accessed publicly.

Reviewer: This too.
```suggestion
Declarations are typically marked as SPI because they have some kind of caveat that makes them unsafe to use in general. For example, when accessing ``RawSyntax`` nodes, you need to manually guarantee that the ``SyntaxArena`` they live in doesn’t get de-allocated. Other declarations have an `@_spi` to share them between different modules within the swift-syntax package but those APIs shouldn’t be accessed publicly.
```

> Declarations are typically marked as SPI because they have some kind of caveat that makes them unsafe to use in general. For example, when accessing ``RawSyntax`` nodes, you need to manually guarantee that the ``SyntaxArena`` they live in doesn’t get de-allocated. Other declarations have an `@_spi` to share them between different modudules within the swift-syntax package but those APIs shouldn’t be accessed publicly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Declarations are typically marked as SPI because they have some kind of caveat that makes them unsafe to use in general. For example, when accessing ``RawSyntax`` nodes, you need to manually guarantee that the ``SyntaxArena`` they're allocated will not be de-allocated. Other declarations have an `@_spi` to share them between different modules within the swift-syntax package, this would use <link markup that I don't know https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution/blob/main/proposals/0386-package-access-modifier.md> if not for <link to docs explaining supporting 2 versions back?>.
```
